The wind dissolves the three autumn
leaf
February flowers
A thousand-foot wave crossing the river
Jizhu Mangan oblique
flower
Spring sleep
I hear birds singing everywhere
The night comes with the sound of rain and flowers falling
Thousands of mountain birds fly and thousands of paths are lost
Lone Boat Kasana
Solo fishing Hanjiang snow
Look at the mountains from a distance
Listen to the water without sky
The street is rainy and crisp
The grass looks close, but the apes on both sides can't cry
The light boat has passed a thousand mountains
Five waiters
I have no mind and no knowledge.
Absolutely impossible
These 20 poems
Every song can last forever
You must have copied someone else
Copy someone else's
You have also read the scriptures
Can you tell me that I am a copy?
Even if His Majesty is talented
Ancient and Modern
But it can't hide the fact that you are talented and immoral